Add identity function as default to FlatMap (#30744)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/transforms/python/elementwise/flatmap.md

{{< playground_snippet language="py" path="SDK_PYTHON_FlatMapFunction" show="flatmap_function" >}}
{{< /playground >}}

### Example 3: FlatMap without a function

> If you already have a `PCollection` of iterables, you can use `FlatMap` without a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common use case of `FlatMap` is to flatten a `PCollection` of iterables into a `PCollection` of elements. To do that, don't specify the function argument to `FlatMap`, which uses the identity mapping function.
```
